docs(chart):update KB for responsive Chart (#2094)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/chart/overview.md

To control the chart size, use its `Width` and `Height` properties. You can read more on how they work in the [Dimensions]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}) article.

> You can also set the chart size in percentage values so it occupies its container when it renders. If the parent container size changes, you must call the chart's `Refresh()` C# method after the DOM has been redrawn and the new container dimensions are rendered. You can do this when you explicitly change container sizes (like in the example below), or from code that gets called by events like `window.resize`. You can find an example and guideline of making Chart redraws on `window.resize` in the [knowledge base article for responsive Chart]({%slug chart-kb-responsive%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set the chart size in percentage values so it occupies its container when it renders. If the parent container size changes, you must call the chart's `Refresh()` C# method after the DOM has been redrawn and the new container dimensions are rendered. You can do this when you explicitly change container sizes (like in the example below), or from code that gets called by events like `window.resize`. You can find an example and guidelines for making Charts refresh on `window.resize` in the knowledge base article for [responsive Chart]({%slug chart-kb-responsive%}).
```
